Update structure.md (#226)
centrica-engineering/nucleus-docs: docs/foundations/structure.md

An image can be left or right, from `hockey-pitch` and larger but they will display on the right only and stack at smaller viewports.

### `<ns-alert>`

> The highlighter variant of the `ns-alert`'s icon swaps from a stacked position in `squash-court` to the left in larger viewports, to optimise the space used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon of `ns-alert` swaps from a stacked position in `squash-court` to the left position in larger viewports, making optimal use of the space. 
```
